# Design
1. What was most helpful about thinking about design methods of your project?
The most helpful was thinking about our user. We targeted our user to be someone that wanted a seamless process, didn’t want to have a fussy time with our bot. They needed our project for convenience and shareability. Keeping those thoughts in mind made it really helpful to think about our design methods of our project. Once we identified our user, we could identify our objectives and create goals for ourselves to achieve them and garner our final product. 
2. What was most difficult? What would you do differently?
The most challenging was our skillset, we had truly only one person on the team that was familiar with discord bots and the discord interface themselves. That team mate really helped alot and took their time in helping each one of us in our design task and guided us to our final project. As the lead developer, they helped keep our team organized, however I wished we could have helped more in designing parts. We were tasked to do smaller parts and most of the mistakes came from our part; I would have pulled more time to learn the discord apis and communicated better. Overall though, I believe our design was good for our experiences. 
3. What design methods might you want to try again in the future on another project?
I would want to continue having a lead developer, this helps alot with keeping a cohesive idea and structure. It was really nice to have a point person to go to for questions and guidance for our design. They kept us on track and led our group well enough within our skills to produce a bot that we are proud of. I would like to try again in future researching and planning more complex designs for other projects to be more dynamic. 

# Implementation
1. What was most helpful about implementing, testing, and integration in your bot project?
How simple our bot was, by having a bot project that only needed to run on one computer made testing, implementing, and integration very easy as the git control system allowed for a fast and easy process to edit our code with each other. And due to discord.js, node.js and javascript we were able to implement our project with one system since everything was handled on their side; very convenient testing. 
2. What was most difficult? What would you do differently?
The most difficult part was different between many of our members, the main two problems we found were when debugging and implementing the API of our choice. It was alot to read up on and configure into our code. And we really couldn’t know if it worked till we actually tried it out and had to debug after each trial. This comes to our next point: debugging was an issue as there were more logic errors and watching through our node commands; there wasn't an exact tool or breakpoints we could put in due to the many files our code uses and imports. Next time we would look more carefully into a different way to implement our api so it helped more in debugging and being more efficient using our console to see the errors with console.log statements. 
3. What implementation, testing, and integration methods might you want to try again in the future on another project?
Using git and apis again would be something I want to try for another project as it was a great learning experience and I believe I can really use it better without tripping on more complex projects. The use of the API was really helpful and made our project smoother; I hope in the future I can use more and see other APIs I can use in my other future projects. 

# Process
1. What was most helpful about implementing kanban and code review in your project?
Kanban and code review was most helpful in keeping our group on task and updated with each other. The organization of our group became tidier and we stepped on each other's toes less with keeping the kanban board updated. It was like our journal for each other and a working ticket. 
2. What was most difficult? What would you do differently?
The most difficult part was making sure to keep the kanban in check; many times we would work on part of the code and forget to put it in the kanban board and next thing you know someone has already done it in our group. I would make sure to remember to log in what I’ve done that day or keep them updated on what I am doing.
3. What software processes or practices might you want to try again in the future on another project?
I would absolutely try the kan board again except implementing more tags and assigning people to do things instead of assigning myself. 
# Overall
Considering all the design methods, implementation practices, and software processes you've encountered---compare and contrast how the benefits of the different practices and how they might be useful together. 

All these practices have been very useful and overall as someone that lacks very good coding skills and practices, this project has been such a big learning experience. From organization and debugging, I’ve learned how much goes into the process of making even the most simplest projects. It’s also the same process with small fixes for every project/product out there, it is so useful to have learned this. API and learning more about node.js have been a learning curve that I believe to be useful and so beneficial for later projects as today's world is accelerating and it’s important to have your process be improving in real time. Kanban boards and even planning out your objectives/design with your team before starting is so useful to create a path for the project to bloom in the most efficient and effective way. These practices should all be used or experienced by all software engineers no matter what the skill set or other experiences the person may have.
